[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[flarum-extension-persian.coreyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/core.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/core.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-akismetyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-akismet.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-akismet.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-approvalyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-approval.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-approval.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-auth-facebookyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-auth-facebook.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-auth-facebook.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-auth-githubyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-auth-github.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-auth-github.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-auth-twitteryml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-auth-twitter.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-auth-twitter.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-flagsyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-flags.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-flags.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-likesyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-likes.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-likes.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-lockyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-lock.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-lock.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-mentionsyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-mentions.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-mentions.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-pusheryml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-pusher.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-pusher.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-stickyyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-sticky.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-sticky.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-subscriptionsyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-subscriptions.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-subscriptions.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-suspendyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-suspend.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-suspend.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.flarum-tagsyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/flarum-tags.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/flarum-tags.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML

[flarum-extension-persian.validationyml]
file_filter = <lang>/locale/validation.yml
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = en_US/locale/validation.yml
source_lang = en_US
type = YML
